Clarify that Windows ASP.NET Core runtime doesn't include the .NET runtime. (#38751)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/install/windows.md

For more information, see [Standard Installer Command-Line Options](/windows/win32/msi/standard-installer-command-line-options).

> [!TIP]
> The installer returns an exit code of **0** for success and an exit code of **3010** to indicate that a restart is required. Any other value is generally an error code.

## Install with PowerShell automation

> The [dotnet-install scripts](../tools/dotnet-install-script.md) are used for CI automation and nonadmin installs of the runtime. You can download the script from the [dotnet-install script reference page](../tools/dotnet-install-script.md).

Author: ```suggestion
The [dotnet-install scripts](../tools/dotnet-install-script.md) are used for CI automation and non-admin installs of the runtime. You can download the script from the [dotnet-install script reference page](../tools/dotnet-install-script.md).
```
